ua-ch updates (#6179)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/user-agent/index.md

Critical-CH: Device-Memory
```

> If the original request included a `Critical-CH`, after processing the `Accept-CH header`, the  client retries the request.

Author: Is this correct?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the browser requires a critical hint (`Critical-CH`) to properly render the webpage, then the server can ask for this additional information with the `Accept-CH` header. Then, the browser can send a new request for the page, including the critical hint.
```

I think this suggestion makes a little more sense.

```

> If, after processing the `Accept-CH header`, the client would send a critical

Author: Something is confusing in this sentence

Scaled availability for User-Agent reduction means the fully reduced UA string

> shipped on all Chrome devices. Reduction is planned to begin with a Chrome

Author: Reduction is planned to begin with a ...
Is this still correct?

Reviewer: Should be "Reduction began with..."
